Before packing the project, let's set up the scene a bit.
Let's remove such an EQS TestPawn. Place the pickups more evenly across the stage.
Let's also add some additional AI Characters to the scene.
And make sure that AI Character has a rifle weapon by default.
Optionally, you can add randomization of the weapon array to the BeginPlay.
Let's test a simulation with several NPCs. Click Play.
Our map is not final, but in general it is already possible to play.
Let's consider another such moment. If we have an open asset behavior tree.
When there are several NPCs on the scene, the behavior tree has a special combobox,
in which you can select the controller whose tree we want to observe.
Everything is ready for packing, let's check that packaga is being created. Don't forget to save the map.
Click on save current, open the file, package project, windows 64-bit and wait for the build of the game.
The game packaged without errors. This concludes the current section.